Sprint 2C: Onboarding Risk Cleanup

Sprint 2B is implemented. Do not redesign onboarding again.

This is a narrow cleanup sprint to fix implementation risks only.

Do not change the overall Sprint 2B flow.
Do not change database schema unless absolutely necessary.
Do not change pricing, billing, Handwrytten, Brownie Points, relationship health formulas, fresh updates, follow up logic, or the question engine.

Fix and verify these specific issues:

1. Safer Recipient Association

Current concern:
The flow appears to run completeOnboarding(data), then getRecipients(), then find the new recipient by name before saving the card.

That is fragile.

If two recipients have the same first name, the card could attach to the wrong recipient.

Please update the flow so the card is attached to the exact newly created recipient.

Preferred solutions:
A. Have completeOnboarding return the created recipient id if possible.
B. Use a stable created recipient id from the onboarding save response.
C. If neither is possible without API changes, use a safer temporary client side identifier or strongest available matching logic and explain the limitation.

Do not rely only on first name matching.

2. First Time Dashboard State Exit Rule

Current concern:
The first time dashboard state uses:
recipients.length === 1 && cards.some(c => c.recipientId === recipients[0]?.id)

This may keep showing forever until the user adds a second recipient.

Add a sensible exit rule.

Acceptable options:
A. Let the user dismiss the first time success state.
B. Automatically stop showing it after the user has viewed it once or after a reasonable condition.
C. Show it only when the most recent onboarding completion created the first card.

Make sure returning users with one recipient are not trapped in the first time success layout forever.

3. Correct Address Ownership Logic

Current concern:
The dashboard address nudge checks whether neither the card nor the user profile has a mailing address.

But the relevant address should be the recipient/card destination address, not necessarily the user profile.

Audit how addresses are stored today.

Update the nudge logic so it checks the correct address source.

Expected behavior:
If the approved card is awaiting a recipient mailing address, show the address nudge.
If the recipient/card already has a valid mailing address, do not show the nudge.
Do not incorrectly depend on the sender or user profile address unless that is intentionally how the app ships cards.

4. Verify Existing Flows Were Not Broken

Because Sprint 2B touched onboarding and dashboard only, verify that the implementation did not bypass important existing behavior.

Confirm:
Existing users still land on dashboard normally.
Existing recipients still open normally.
Normal post-onboarding card generation still works.
Normal briefing flow still works.
Cards review queue still works.
Address saved during onboarding is available to the later send/review flow.
Cards saved during onboarding appear in the correct review or dashboard location.

5. Typecheck and Report

Run typecheck.

If possible, also run lint or build.

Final report required:
Files changed
What was fixed
How recipient association is now safe
How first time dashboard state exits
What address source is checked
Validation results
Any remaining risks
