Build a new public page called “See Sample Cards” for the business side of the site.

Goal:
Create a polished sample card gallery using the Handwrytten card images that are already stored in our database. This page should help business users see real card examples, browse by occasion, and preview realistic sample handwritten messages generated by OpenAI.

Important:
Do not send real cards from this page.
Do not create real Handwrytten orders from this page.
This is a public preview and sample experience only.

Handwrytten context:
We are integrated with Handwrytten. Handwrytten supports API based card sending and personalized handwritten card workflows, but this page should only display card images and sample messages for now.

Page route:
Create a new route:
 /business/sample-cards

Navigation:
Add a CTA/button link wherever the business hero currently has “See Sample Cards”.
That button should route to /business/sample-cards.

Page layout:
Hero section:
Headline:
“See the Cards Your Clients Could Receive”

Subheadline:
“Browse real card styles, sample messages, and the moments F* I Forgot can help you remember automatically.”

Below that, add category filter pills:
All
Birthday
Holiday
Client Appreciation
Referral Thank You
Work Anniversary
Congratulations
Sympathy
General Follow Up

Card gallery:
Load card images from the existing cards table or whatever database table currently stores the scanned Handwrytten card images.

Each card tile should display:
1. Card front image
2. Category tag
3. Best for text, example: “Best for client birthdays”
4. Short sample message preview
5. Button: “Preview Card”
6. Button: “Use This Style”

If the database does not already have categories, create a safe categorization layer:
Use card title, filename, tags, or description if available.
If no useful metadata exists, assign categories with a fallback map and allow “Uncategorized” internally, but do not show “Uncategorized” publicly. Put those cards under “All”.

Preview modal:
When the user clicks “Preview Card”, open a modal with:
Left side: larger card image
Right side:
Category
Best for
Sample handwritten message
Tone selector:
Professional
Warm
Funny
Luxury
Short and Sweet

Add a “Regenerate Sample Message” button.

OpenAI message generation:
Create a backend endpoint:
POST /api/sample-card-message

Request body:
{
  "category": "Birthday",
  "tone": "Warm",
  "businessType": "Real Estate Agent",
  "recipientType": "Client",
  "relationshipContext": "Past client"
}

The endpoint should call the OpenAI API using the existing OPENAI_API_KEY environment variable.

The prompt should instruct OpenAI:
Write a short handwritten card message for a business to send to a client.
Make it sound human, warm, and natural.
Do not sound robotic.
Do not mention AI.
Keep it under 55 words.
Do not overpromise.
Do not use sales language.
Match the selected occasion and tone.
Return only the message text.

Use this system style:
“You write natural, concise handwritten greeting card messages for businesses. The message should feel thoughtful, personal, and appropriate for a real client relationship.”

Example generated message:
“Happy Birthday, Michael. I hope you have a great day and a year filled with good things ahead. I just wanted to let you know I’m thinking of you and appreciate the chance to stay connected.”

Caching:
To avoid unnecessary API usage, cache generated sample messages in the database by:
cardId
category
tone
businessType
recipientType
relationshipContext

If the same request already exists, return the cached message instead of calling OpenAI again.

Default sample messages:
When cards first load, show fallback sample messages without requiring an OpenAI call for every card.
Only call OpenAI when:
1. The user opens a preview modal and changes tone
2. The user clicks “Regenerate Sample Message”
3. The card does not already have a sample message cached

Suggested fallback messages by category:
Birthday:
“Happy Birthday. I hope you have a great day and a year ahead filled with good things. I just wanted to let you know I’m thinking of you and appreciate staying connected.”

Holiday:
“Wishing you and your family a wonderful holiday season. I hope this time of year brings you a chance to relax, recharge, and enjoy the people who matter most.”

Client Appreciation:
“I just wanted to send a quick note to say thank you. I really appreciate your trust and the opportunity to stay connected.”

Referral Thank You:
“Thank you again for the referral. It means a lot that you thought of me, and I truly appreciate the trust behind that recommendation.”

Work Anniversary:
“Congratulations on another year of hard work and growth. Wishing you continued success in the year ahead.”

Congratulations:
“Congratulations on the exciting news. I’m really happy for you and wanted to send a quick note to celebrate the moment.”

Sympathy:
“I’m very sorry for your loss. I just wanted to send a note to let you know I’m thinking of you during this difficult time.”

General Follow Up:
“It was great connecting with you. I just wanted to send a quick note to say I appreciate the conversation and hope we stay in touch.”

Add a section below the gallery:
“How F* I Forgot Chooses the Right Card”

Use three cards or steps:
1. We remember the occasion
2. We choose a card that fits the moment
3. We write and mail it automatically

Add a final CTA:
Headline:
“Ready to stop missing important client moments?”

Buttons:
“Start Remembering Clients”
“See How It Works”

Important UX notes:
Keep the page visual.
Do not make it feel like a boring product grid.
The card images should be large enough to feel emotional.
Use soft spacing, rounded cards, clean shadows, and the existing brand colors.
On mobile, filters should scroll horizontally and card tiles should stack cleanly.

Admin consideration:
If there is already an admin card database, do not break it.
If possible, add optional fields to each card:
category
bestFor
activeOnSamplePage
displayOrder

Only show cards where activeOnSamplePage is true.
If that field does not exist yet, default to showing all cards.

Security:
Do not expose the OpenAI API key to the frontend.
All OpenAI calls must happen server side.
Do not expose Handwrytten credentials to the frontend.
Do not create Handwrytten orders from this sample page.

Acceptance criteria:
1. /business/sample-cards page exists.
2. The “See Sample Cards” CTA routes to this page.
3. Card images load from the existing database.
4. Users can filter by occasion.
5. Users can open a preview modal.
6. Users can see a sample handwritten message.
7. Users can change tone and regenerate a sample message through the backend OpenAI endpoint.
8. Messages are cached to avoid unnecessary OpenAI calls.
9. The page looks polished on desktop and mobile.